- [Nana O.] We had our huge
advance from the record label,
our monthly salary
from the agency,
and the royalties from
our CD sales.
We weren't the insignificant
amateur band
living off our
part-time jobs anymore.
So I thought I'd have no problem
supporting Hachi and her child.
("Lucy" by Anna Tsuchiya)
(clock ticking)
(alarm ringing)
(Miu gasping)
(thudding sound)
(Nobuo grunting)
(mellow music)
(Miu sighing)
The walls in the dorm are
super thin.
We played mahjong till dawn
in the rec room on
the second floor.
- [Yuri] No.
- [Nana O.] Yuri got wasted,
so I had to help
her to her room.
- [Yuri] No, really, I'm
all right. (giggling)
- [Nana O.] Get your hands off
her.
- [Yasu] Fine.
- Good night!
Let's do this again, 'kay?
- [Nana O.] After listening
closely
to make sure she went
to bed on her own,
I got into bed too.
Even if they just slept
together,
Nobuo would totally fall
in love with her.
That's just the way he is.
I don't want him thinking
of Yuri or any other girl.
I only want him to think
of Hachi. (sighing)
I wish he'd still be
in love with Hachi.
But I gotta stop holding
on to such selfish desires.
God, Buddha, Demon Lord,
whoever's listening,
please make Nobuo and
Hachiko get back together.
(knocking on door)
(Nobuo groaning)
(door creaking open)
- Did you know it's after eight?
You're gonna be late
if you don't get going.
- What?
Oh, my alarm clock!
- Yeah, it's been ringing.
- Does it wake you
up every morning?
Am I being too loud?
- Oh, yeah.
Thanks to you,
I've been sleeping a whole
lot better these days.
- [Nobuo] Think she
was being sarcastic?
- Probably.
- You're the only one on the
fourth floor, aren't you Shin?
- Don't even think about
moving down to my floor.
Why'd you think I ran away from
room 603 in the first place?
And that was just
after one night.
- Hmm.
Then maybe I'll move
down to the third floor.
I haven't seen anyone there.
- Anyway, Nobuo, what
are you gonna do today?
Are you coming to the fireworks
festival?
- Yeah.
- So you're gonna get
Hachi back, right?
- Well-
- You're such a coward.
- Whatever!
I just think we need to see
each other first, you know?
If she's happy, then I'll
know I've gotta accept it.
I don't wanna get back together
with her
if she's happy with
how things are.
But, if she seems sad,
you know I won't be able
to just leave it like that.
- Hmm.
- Hell no!
You can't cancel an
interview at the last minute
'cause of personal crap!
(Moroboshi screaming)
- Nobody said anything about
canceling it.
We're just asking you to
reschedule it for another day.
- No way!
Besides, you'll all get
recognized.
- Relax, okay?
We've got it covered.
Mika and Masoru said
they'd make disguises,
so nobody's gonna recognize us.
- What?
You think you can just use
our professional hair stylist
and makeup artist for
your personal business?
- When we called and asked
them early this morning,
they were even more into it
than they were for
the poster shoot.
- I wonder what kind of
crazy outfits
they have planned for us.
- I don't care!
It's not gonna happen!
- All right then. (exhaling
smoke)
I guess we'll just have to
skip work.
- What did you say?
Now I've lost all respect for
you.
You've always had
a terrible attitude
and your singing sucks,
but I did like how gung-ho
you were about-
- My singing sucks?
- Wait, listen to me for a
sec, Ginpei.
You must know by now that if
Nana's being this persistent,
it's gotta be something
really important to her.
(bright music)
- Yasu, I get it.
If you say it's important,
then it must be true-
- What the hell?
- I'll tell the reporter as
soon as I get ahold of him.
(van revving)
- [Nana O.] Why is he
so in love with Yasu?
- Sure, no problem.
We still got proofing
to work on...
Monday?
Yeah, that's cool.
That way I could finish my game
and return to normal
society. (laughing)
(phone beeping)
- What'd he say?
- He was pretty pissed
'cause it was so last minute,
but he said he'd
rescheduled it somehow.
- Yay!
- We do apologize for
the trouble, Ginpei.
- No, it's all right.
I may look all tough, but I've
got a heart just like you.
- Good news, huh, Nana?
- Our band is becoming more
and more like a family.
Ginpei is like the
strong mother type.
Yasu's the reliable eldest son.
Nobuo's the
mild-mannered second son.
And Shin's the bratty baby
that everyone likes to pick on.
I'm part of this family too,
so I can depend on them
as much as I want.
Wait, who's the dad?
If it's the president, we'd
be like a Yakuza family.
Let's make it the tanuki guy.
At least he's better than
the fox guy.
This isn't too bad.
I've always wanted a big family
like the ones they have on TV.
Now, if only Hachi
would marry Nobuo,
things would be perfect.
- You're now in your 14th week.
The baby's growing fine,
everything looks great.
And I've got a pretty good
idea of the sex of the baby.
(Nana gasping)
So, would you like to know now,
or would you rather wait and
find out when the baby is born?
(Nana sighing)
- I really wanna know, but
it might be more fun to wait.
What should I do?
- Well, it's still an
educated guess at this point.
- Okay.
- I'm glad that
you've gotten over
your morning sickness
so quickly,
but I'm also a bit
worried about you
suddenly gaining this
much weight.
Sudden weight gain can be
dangerous to your health
as well as the baby's.
You already eat a balanced diet.
Just watch the portions, okay?
(footsteps pattering)
- It's not like I wanna
pack on the pounds,
but I did eat too much
for lunch.
Okay, I'll have to avoid
all those tasty food stands
at the fireworks festival
tonight.
(stomach growling)
Did you just say something
Sachiko, huh?
You want a Jackson Burger?
Well, I don't know.
I got a bad feeling
about going there.
- [Shoji] Maybe I shouldn't go
to the fireworks
festival at all.
- Come on, dude.
There's gonna be so
many people down there.
I doubt the two of you'll
run into each other.
- Yeah, but what happens
if I do run into her?
I mean, forget about me,
it'd be bad for Sachiko.
Her night of fun would
be totally ruined.
- Personally, I think it'd be
worse
if you don't take her there,
'cause you're too worried
about running into your ex.
- That's exactly why I
don't know what to do.
God damn, Junko!
- Welcome.
- Long time no see, Koichi
Satou.
(Koichi gasping)
- Hi, Nana.
- Oh, I knew it.
The Demon Lord brought me here.
- Well, if he warned
you why'd you come?
- Because Sachiko said she was
hungry.
A Jackson Burger and
fresh orange juice please.
- Yeah, you bet.
- Sachiko?
- She's my baby girl.
I'm four months pregnant now.
- Why'd you name your baby that?
What a nightmare?
- Don't ask me!
I didn't wanna give
her that name either!
- All right, then don't!
- You see, my husband insists
on calling her Sachiko.
- Husband?
You mean Takumi from Trapnest?
- Jun, you blabbermouth!
- No way!
So it's true.
Don't worry, I won't say a word.
I swear on the name of
the Demon Lord himself.
I cross my heart.
I promise.
So, could you get me
Reira's autograph?
- You're a fan?
- I could take it back home
and make it a family heirloom.
I bet my grandma will bow her
head and pray to it every day.
- Give me a break.
I guess I could always ask
her, but she's really busy,
so I can't make any promises.
- You're friends with her?
(Nana gasping)
- Sort of.
- Wow, I'm impressed, Nana.
You used to be nothing
more than a common hick,
and now, it's like
you're a celebrity.
- Oh, stop it!
I'm just your average pregnant
woman.
- Okay, now you're just
overdoing it.
But, seeing how things have
turned out,
I'd say your best talent is
your self-centered recklessness.
For you, being humble and
secure was never enough.
I get that now.
I guess what I'm trying to
say is way to go superstar!
Climb that social ladder!
(vehicles zooming)
- Oh, Take, it looks like
Ren's finally decided
to marry Nana after all that's
happened.
(Reira gasping)
- Marry her?
- So your powers of persuasion
paid off once again.
- Nope, I didn't have to say
anything,
he brought it up himself,
and he doesn't seem to have
any ulterior motives either.
- That's good, that's
probably best for everyone.
- He's getting the ring right
now,
so we'll need to figure out
when he can give it to her.
I say sooner rather than later.
- [Take] You're right.
- When he shows that ring
to Nana,
she'll lose the attitude
and jump happily into his arms.
There's nothing to worry about.
- That's a really big
rock you've got there.
A loser like me
would never be able to
afford something like that.
Good call, superstar,
for not sticking around with me.
- You make it sound
like I'm some evil woman
who ditched you without warning.
- It's the truth!
You had me wrapped
around your little finger
and then you said, "I don't
want you," like I was your toy.
- You cheated on me, remember?
- I'm sorry.
- So you think apologizing now
will make things all right?
- Sorry, but it is in the past
now, right?
- How can you be so callous
about this?
- I'm only saying what you wanna
hear.
- You told me so many
times that you loved me,
but it was all just a big lie.
- I don't think I ever
told you that.
(Nana gasping)
- Yes you did, I heard you!
- I did not.
I never lied to you.
You know, I suck at lying.
That's why you found out right
away about me and Sachiko.
The whole time we were together,
I could never keep
anything from you.
(Nana breathing shakily)
(Shoji whimpering)
- Right away, huh?
It's time you fessed up
and told me everything.
For instance, why
did you cheat on me?
- I just gave into temptation.
Maybe it was the Demon Lord.
- But, for about two weeks
you were dating both of them.
- Back off, dude.
If you keep sticking your nose
in other people's business,
somebody might break it for you.
- For only two weeks?
That's all?
You really are lame.
- Whatever! (laughing)
- You've changed my opinion of
you.
You were thinking of Ren's
feelings the whole time.
- Huh?
Of course.
You know, I think about
him way more than you do.
- That's not true.
I worry about him a lot.
But, if he marries Nana and
she stays by his side forever,
then he might quit
those bad habits of his.
- Oh, that's what you're getting
at.
- Huh?
- It's all okay.
The fact of the matter is Ren
can quit whenever he wants to.
But, right now, he
doesn't feel like it.
- Think so?
It seems like he does wanna
quit,
but he just can't figure
out how.
- Well, if he's gonna
quit, he'll quit.
- Look who's talking,
Mr. I'm-gonna-quit-
smoking-for-the-baby.
You're still sucking
on tobacco, aren't you?
- Nicotine creates a chemical
dependency in your body.
It's physically addictive,
so quitting is not that easy.
- But Ren's psychological
dependency
is just as much an addiction.
- Would you keep your voice
down?
If word gets out about
him, the band is over.
It's been bothering me too,
you just gotta take it easy.
- Could you please forget
about the band for once,
and just think about Ren?
- It isn't my job
to look after him.
- So that's why you
want him to get married.
He's a problem for the band
you're hoping Nana will fix.
- That's not it either.
In fact, it's a whole other
issue.
(knocking on door)
- Huh?
- Yeah.
- Ah, Mr. Narita, how's it
going?
- So, what do you think?
I dyed it this morning.
- It looks weird on an old guy
like you.
- Reira, even if he does look
weird,
you should never talk like
that to the president.
What brings you here today?
- We've got a meeting with
the agency
regarding Reira doing
a commercial.
- Hand off.
- And what the hell brought you
here?
- Right, the makeup commercial.
That's great, Reira.
You'll be the envy of
even more teenage girls
across the country.
- I don't care about that.
I just wanna sing.
- It's not just about you.
They'll be using our song
for that commercial too.
- So Take told me about Ren.
The sooner we can hold a
press conference, the better.
So get it together and
move things along.
Bye.
(door closing)
(Reira blowing raspberries)
Takumi, how come even the
president suddenly wants Ren
and Nana to get married?
- He suggested it in
the first place.
He wanted Ren to announce to the
press
that he would protect Nana.
- Why now?
- In the end, he just
doesn't want it to look
like Ren was being used by some
woman.
It's not good for his image.
(Reira gasping)
Narita believes that if
Ren publicly declares
that he loves Nana,
it'll look like BLAST made
it big off of our coattails.
- That's so stupid.
- Yeah, well, he's
not very smart.
Having Ren say we're
getting married
is really the best way out.
It'll leave a good
impression on the media
and it'll satisfy Narita.
Then this whole stupid
circus can be put to rest.
- You're making him get
married to protect yourself.
You're such a bastard!
- Hey, whatever you think
about me is in no way related
to the problems Ren's
gotten himself into.
This is a business we're
talking about here.
That's what I hate
about you women.
- Well then, I'd like
to point this out
strictly from a business
point of view.
As Narita said himself,
the core of our fan base
is teenage girls.
With that in mind,
I don't think you and Ren
getting married,
one after the other,
is such a good idea.
And you're totally delusional
if you think they like
us just for our music.
(Takumi sighing)
- I get it.
It's better if only Ren
got married.
(Reira gasping)
- Why is Sachiko out working,
while you're just hanging around
here?
- We work different shifts.
- You should work harder
so that she can relax more.
- But we split all of the bills,
50-50.
- So, she's like a good
housewife then?
- She's not my wife.
And this may come as a shock to
you,
but that's usually how it works.
Most girls don't
freeload like you do.
That's why it's a good thing
you're marrying a guy
with deep pockets.
- Hey, not that it's any
of your business,
but I've grown up a
lot recently, okay, Shoji?
- I realized that.
- Jun, you big blabbermouth.
- So, Nana, who are you
gonna see the fireworks with?
- I can't tell you that!
Us celebrities have a
lot of secrets
that we can't reveal to
the masses.
(Shoji laughing)
So if we accidentally run
into each other over there,
don't say hi,
and I'll pretend I don't see you
either.
(car zooming past)
(motorcycle zooming past)
- I really am sorry.
(melancholic music)
- It's okay.
I know that I wasn't the
easiest to live with either.
- But now that I think about it,
you never really did ask too
much of me
when we were together.
I hope me saying this doesn't
bother you,
but the thing is,
I still have fun when
I'm around you, Nana.
And I'm glad we got to talk.
I probably won't see you again.
(Nana gasping)
I guess we've all gotta live
with the choices we've made.
Goodbye, Nana.
(melancholic music)
(Nana grunting)
- Well, are you going?
- No, I want you to go first.
Where are you meeting the
others?
- I can't tell you that.
I still have time,
so I'll just wander around here
for a bit.
- You like to wander around,
don't you?
Even though you usually get lost
doing it.
- I don't get lost
anymore, so hurry and go.
(melancholic music)
- Hey, I forgot to ask.
When's Sachiko due?
(Nana groaning)
- At the end of April.
- Oh, my God.
Imagine if she comes a few days
late and is born on May 5th.
- What's wrong?
It could happen, you know?
If her birthday is on children's
day,
then everyone will remember it.
That'd be cool.
- You sure it's not
the Demon Lord's child?
- Don't put a curse on my baby.
You know the Demon Lord's
children
are only born on July the
seventh.
- Let's hope so.
Well, take care of yourself
and your human baby.
(Nana giggling)
(footsteps pattering)
(melancholic music)
(vehicles zooming past)
- Miss Hachiko's late,
isn't she?
- Nope, it's only 5:30.
- She doesn't have a key,
so I don't think she'll
be here till 6:00.
- What?
Why didn't she hold
onto her key?
(all laughing)
- That wig's too weird, Yasu.
We can't even
talk to you.
Mika and Masaru put all that
effort into our costumes.
Why are you trying to ruin it?
- You're the one who made me
wear it.
You even paid for it.
- Yasu has got the perfect
head for putting wigs on.
- Shin, quit talking
like me Misato.
You're starting to turn me on.
- And you look surprisingly
good with long hair, man.
Hachi's gonna fall for you
again.
- But I don't want
her to fall in love with me
for that reason.
- That whole disguise kind
of makes you look like Shoji,
a shorter version.
- I was thinking the
same thing, mini-Shoji.
- Yeah, I totally see it.
Except you're way shorter.
- Who is this Shoji, anyway?
And how tall is he?
- Shoji!
(footsteps pattering)
What's wrong?
Your eyes are red.
- Huh?
My contacts are bothering me
again.
- But you don't even
wear contacts.
- Hmm.
I think I'm far-sighted.
The further away something
is, the better I can see it.
But once it gets close,
I lose sight of it.
- Everyone's like that.
- Come on, we'd better hold
hands,
so we don't end up losing
each other in the crowd, okay?
Especially 'cause you're so
tiny.
(Sachiko giggling)
- [Nana O.] Hey, Hachi.
They say you don't realize
how much you care for someone
until after they're gone.
But I think it's when
you come face-to-face
with that person once more,
that you truly recognize
your feelings for them.
If I saw everyone
again right now,
I know that I'd depend on them
just as much as I did back then.
I'm scared of that.
That's why I can't move
from this spot.